Anti-censorship proposal (#4)
mysteriumnetwork/mips: general/StateCensorshipCircumvention_2021115.MD

1. It works only under assumption there is a significant delay between rotation and update of filters which is not the case for modern theater of operations.
2. Usually costs for a censor to ban IP addresses much lower than for service operator to rotate addresses for entire server fleet. It allows censor to run attrition warfare against public censorship circumvention services.

Consider following situation: circumvention service operator wants to provide services to user, but censor wants to prevent it. Circumvention service operator releases application with some non-trivial logic to discover working relays and let users to pass their traffic through. All what censor needs to do is just use that application and keep track on IP addresses used to forward actual traffic. This way censor may ban all IP addresses learned until application will cease to work.[^2]

The ultimate task is to find a solution for meta-data obfuscation satisfying all requirements presented above.

## Related work

### Academic sources

> Actual work doesn't claims novelty and for this reason author skips detailed comparison against prior art to outline own contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actual work doesn't claim novelty and for this reason the author skips detailed comparison against prior art to outline own contribution.
```

Author: Thanks!
